Teachers

Gerardo Domínguez - Founder & Instructor
 Gerardo Dominguez is a proud native of El Salvador and has a background in engineering. He has worked in teaching both English and Spanish for over ten years, and loves working alongside students towards their language goals in a way that is captivating and fun. When not watching soccer, playing soccer, or talking about soccer, Gerardo enjoys playing guitar, pizza, Star Wars, biking, learning new languages, traveling with his beautiful wife and taking care of his three daughters. He would love to meet you and help you learn Spanish. 


Felipe Escudero - Instructor
Felipe was born and raised in Colombia, where he grew up cycling the mountains and volcanoes of his native city of Manizales. When he wasn't biking, he was studying social sciences and obtaining his TEFL (Teaching English as a Second Language) certificate. He has been teaching English and Spanish to kids, teenagers, and adults for years. Besides his bike, he loves literature, geography, history, traveling and meeting people from all walks of life. Felipe believes that teaching is an amazing way to improve yourself because when you’re a teacher you never stop learning and everyday is a new adventure with your students. 

Mariana Camacho
Mariana Camacho - Instructor
  

Mariana was born in Venezuela and she is currently living in Costa Rica. She is a talented person who enjoys teaching and sharing her knowledge and experiences with others. On her free time she loves exercising, playing tennis, drawing and painting. She is very creative. Mariana studied Education majoring in Art. She has been teaching Spanish to kids and adults making their experience learning the language fun and welcoming.


Olga Chang - Instructor
Olga Chang was born and raised in Costa Rica. She loves spending quality time with her family and doing outdoors activities with her loved ones. One of her hobbies is watching movies, her favorite saga is Star Wars. She is a passionate teacher with more than 20 years of experience. She’s focused on achieving a good impact on her students and helping them succeed with learning Spanish. She loves her culture and her language, as well as getting to know her students and their roots.

Gineth
Gineth Matarrita - Instructor
 Gineth is a teacher with more than 15 years of experience. She was born in Nicoya, Costa Rica, near the Pacific coast, and grew up in the city of Heredia in the Central Valley. She is passionate about sports, especially soccer, and loves hiking in the mountains. She also enjoys traveling and learning about different cultures. Her favorite book is The Diary of Anne Frank. As an educator, Gineth strives to inspire her students and guide them on their journey to mastering Spanish, promoting meaningful and lasting learning. 
